corrections and English clarified (#66)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/deck-options.md

find over time that your retention moves closer to your desired
retention.

One important thing to note however is that the trade-off between time
spent studying and retention is not linear: we can see here that to

> increase our retention by 5 per cent, we would have to study 35%

Reviewer: I'm not sure this change is correct?

https://thewritingbusiness.com/the-difference-between-percentages-and-percentage-points/

Author: Yes, you are right! Sorry, I think the whiskey must have run out. :)
Will you revert this change, or should I do it and resubmit a pull request?
Many thanks for you time and sorry the error!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
increase our retention by 5 percentage points, we would have to study 35%
```

The interface should give you an option to accept this suggested change, and then I can merge the PR.

Reviewer: Nevermind, I can do that myself :-)
